Draft: Document Alias Preview URLs (#22578)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/configuration/previews.mdx

New versions of a Worker are created when you run:

- [`wrangler deploy`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#deploy)
- [`wrangler versions upload`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#upload)
- Or when you make edits via the Cloudflare dashboard

These URLs are public by default and available immediately after version creation.

:::note
Minimum required Wrangler version: 3.74.0. Check your version by running `wrangler --version`. To update Wrangler, refer to [Install/Update Wrangler](/workers/wrangler/install-and-update/).
:::

#### View version-prefixed preview URLs using Wrangler

The [`wrangler versions upload`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#upload) command uploads a new [version](/workers/configuration/versions-and-deployments/#versions) of your Worker and returns a preview URL for each version uploaded.

#### View version-prefixed preview URLs on the Workers dashboard

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/workers) and select your project.
2. Go to the **Deployments** tab, and find the version you would like to view.

### Aliased Preview URLs

> Aliased preview URLs let you assign a persistent, readable alias to a specific Worker version. These are useful for linking to stable previews across environments. These types of preview URLs follow the same pattern as other preview URLs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aliased preview URLs let you assign a persistent, readable alias to a specific Worker version. These are useful for linking to stable previews across many versions. These types of preview URLs follow the same pattern as other preview URLs:
```

I'm vetoing the word "environment" 😅
